# AArtIntelligent : Docker

### App Base

Debian is a free and open-source operating system based on the Linux kernel. It is known for its stability, security,
and extensive package management system, which provides access to thousands of software packages for a wide range of
applications. Debian is developed by a large community of volunteers and offers a range of editions, including a
lightweight version for older computers, a stable version for general use, and a testing version for developers. Debian
is also the foundation for several other popular Linux distributions, such as Ubuntu and Linux Mint.

[Documentation](app-base)

---

### App Magento

Magento 2 is a popular open-source e-commerce platform used by many businesses to create customized online stores. It
offers a wide range of advanced features for managing product catalogs, payments, shipments, promotions, cross-selling,
and ratings, as well as customization tools to provide optimal customer experience. Magento 2 is also known for its
flexibility, security, and ability to handle large-scale e-commerce websites.

[Documentation](app-magento)

---

### App Nginx

Nginx is a high-performance open-source web server and reverse proxy that is widely used to handle and optimize HTTP and
HTTPS traffic. It is known for its stability, speed, and low resource consumption, making it a popular choice for
high-traffic websites and web applications. Nginx can also be used as a load balancer, caching server, and HTTP cache,
providing additional benefits for improving website performance and reliability.

[Documentation](app-nginx)

---

### App PHP

PHP is a popular server-side scripting language used for developing dynamic web applications and websites. It is
open-source and widely supported, with a vast community of developers and users constantly contributing to its growth
and improvement. PHP can be embedded in HTML code to create dynamic web pages, and it supports a wide range of
databases, including MySQL and PostgreSQL. PHP also offers a broad range of features, such as file handling, database
connectivity, XML parsing, and more, making it a versatile language for web development.

[Documentation](app-php)

---

### App Sylius

Sylius is an open-source e-commerce platform based on the Symfony PHP framework. It provides a flexible and modular
architecture that enables developers to create highly customized online stores and marketplaces. Sylius offers a wide
range of features, including product catalog management, order processing, customer management, shipping and payment
integrations, and more. It is also highly scalable and can handle large-scale e-commerce operations. With its extensive
documentation and active community, Sylius is a popular choice for developers looking to create custom e-commerce
solutions.

[Documentation](app-sylius)

---

### App Symfony

Symfony is a popular open-source web application framework written in PHP. It provides a set of reusable components and
tools that enable developers to build complex web applications quickly and efficiently. Symfony follows the
Model-View-Controller (MVC) architectural pattern and offers a wide range of features, including routing, security, form
creation, templating, and database integration. It is also highly modular and flexible, allowing developers to use only
the components they need for their projects. With its large community and extensive documentation, Symfony is widely
used for building high-quality web applications of all sizes and complexity levels.

[Documentation](app-symfony)

---

### Ops Composer

@todo description

[Documentation](ops-composer)

---

### Ops Grunt

@todo description

[Documentation](ops-grunt)

---

### Ops PHP

@todo description

[Documentation](ops-php)

---

### Ops Symfony

@todo description

[Documentation](ops-symfony)

---

### Ops Yarn

@todo description

[Documentation](ops-yarn)
